Remove API UI doc (#2586)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/api/rbac/configuration.rst

=============
Before modifying RBAC policies, roles and more, it is necessary to log into the API. You can find a detailed guide on how to do it within the :ref:`Getting started <api_getting_started>` section of the API.

Set RBAC mode
-------------

> You can modify the RBAC mode (which we mentioned in the :ref:`How it works <api_rbac_how_it_works>` section). This is a security configuration so it is necessary to use the security endpoint ``/security/config``, specifically the ``PUT`` method. To do so, you can run the following cURL command, replacing your token and the desired mode (white/black).

Reviewer: If the user is reading the getting_started it is possible this is the first document he is reading. Please avoid phrases like "we mentioned in", the user might have not read it.

.. code-block:: console

    # curl -X PUT "https://localhost:55000/v4/security/config?pretty=true" -H "Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_JWT_TOKEN>" -d "{\"rbac_mode\":\"<DESIRED_RBAC_MODE>\"}"

.. code-block:: json
    :class: output

    {
       "message": "Configuration successfully updated"
    }

> You can also change other settings (not related to RBAC) such as the duration of the JWT tokens, as well as check the current configuration with the ``GET`` method or restore the default one with the ``DELETE`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also change other settings (not related to RBAC) such as the duration of the JWT tokens, as well as checking the current configuration using the ``GET`` method or restoring the default configuration with the ``DELETE`` method.
```

.. note::

>     All tokens are revoked for security reasons when changing RBAC mode. It will be necessary to obtain a new token after the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    All tokens are revoked for security reasons when the RBAC mode is changed. It will be necessary to log in and obtain a new token after the change.
```

      }
    }

The request would be as follows:

.. code-block:: console

    # curl -X POST "https://localhost:55000/v4/security/policies?pretty=true" -H  "Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_JWT_TOKEN>" -d "{\"name\":\"customer_x_agents\",\"policy\":{\"actions\":[\"agent:read\"],\"resources\":[\"agent:id:001\",\"agent:id:002\",\"agent:id:003\",\"agent:id:004\"],\"effect\":\"allow\"}}" -k

> With this policy, we have established that it is allowed to read agents 001, 002, 003 and 004. We can create more policies to our liking as long as they are not repeated. We may also change this policy at any time to, for example, add new agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this policy, we have established that it is allowed to read information related to agents 001, 002, 003 and 004. We can create more policies to our liking as long as they are not repeated. We may also change this policy at any time to, for example, add new agents.
```

> The return response after adding the new policy should be similar to the one below. The highlighted ID should be used later to assign the policy to the role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return response after adding the new policy should be similar to the one below. The highlighted ID should be used later on to assign the policy to the role.
```

------------------------
To assign policies to a certain role, use the endpoint ``POST /security/roles/{role_id}/policies``

> To do it, simply indicate the ID of the role and the ID of each policy. There is another parameter called *position*. It is used to determine which policy is applied when there are two or more conflicting policies. For more information, check out the section :ref:`Priority of roles and policies <rbac_priority>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do it, simply indicate the ID of the role and the ID of each policy. There is another parameter called *position*. It is an advanced parameter used to determine the order in which the different policies are applied, as policies might have conflicting permissions. For more information, check out the section :ref:`Priority of roles and policies <rbac_priority>`.
```
